Update argo docs (#567)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/integrations/argocd/index.md

## Step 1: Create an API token

Roadie requires an API token to be able to connect to Argo CD.

You can generate a token via the Argo CD CLI or UI. 

Via the CLI run:

```bash
argocd account generate-token --account <your-account> --id <optional-id>
```

Alternatively, visit the Argo CD UI at `/settings/accounts/<your-account>` click "Generate New" in the "Tokens" section.

## Step 2: Store the API token in Roadie

Visit the Roadie Secrets page ([show me how](/docs/details/setting-secrets/)) and enter the token into the `argo-cd-token` secret.

![Set argo-cd-token via UI](./argo-cd-token-dialog.png)

## Step 3: Configure Roadie with your Argo CD endpoint

Enter your Argo CD server API endpoint into Roadie.

1. Click "Administration" in the sidebar, then "Settings" in the tabs.
2. Find "Argo CD" in the Configuration sidebar.
3. Enter your Argo CD server API endpoint click "Save" then "Apply & Restart".

![Set Argo CD Config](./config.png)

## Step 4: Add the UI elements

The Argo CD plugin provides two type of UI elements. 

> The `EntityArgo CDOverviewCard` presents the current status of an application: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `EntityArgoCDOverviewCard` presents the current status of an application: 
```

![Argo CD Overview Card](./argo-overview.png)

> The `EntityArgo CDHistoryCard` displays the deployment history of an appliction:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `EntityArgoCDHistoryCard` displays the deployment history of an appliction:
```

![Argo CD History Card](./argo-history.png)

Both can be [added to component dashboards](/docs/getting-started/updating-the-ui/#updating-dashboards).

> The `EntityArgo CDContent` displays similar information to the history card and can be [added as a tab](/docs/getting-started/updating-the-ui#updating-tabs) to component layouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `EntityArgoCDContent` displays similar information to the history card and can be [added as a tab](/docs/getting-started/updating-the-ui#updating-tabs) to component layouts.
```
